for
[Music]
qu
does does anyone know if car insurance
supplies to like
[Music]
shoes I have Pony Jordans
like a good neighbor there's a giant
inflatable lizard in my garage
[Music]
I have zero cars I just have a lot of
shoes
[Music]
I
help me
why they shouldn't call it a $5 foot
long anymore cuz it's more like a $7
half
foot what the [__] are you talking
about just think it's a little bit too
expensive at this point
I get it
[Music]
dude can you please excuse her
wait I just figured it out hold the
phone wait everyone stop it everyone
stop it I know I
know I know how to do it
how how do you do
it your left
H what's going on
here I don't know there's people in my
house
I can't I'm
dead what do they want from
you they think I know how to make
chicken Caesar salad but I [__]
don't e
DB step help me get rid of
them oh my God it turned into a
[Music]
guitar like
okay what is it
saying are you telling me you don't
speak
dub the
[Music]
slightest okay well I understood
that yeah of course you did
know how to make chicken Caesar salad
I've
never calm the [__]
down e
[Music]
wow
SI can someone tell me what's going on
[Music]
you know what the [__] it is dude you
know what
[Music]
no no no no no no stop stop put it down
Okay so
I know how you wanted to see it so I'm
here to uh yes
nice told you
Dave never
[Music]
lose he was the [__]
victim
wait hold
on Violet Pony can you have a voice
please okay yeah I'll have a voice don't
worry about
it
um let me
just I forgot I restarted my computer so
everything closed
wait the
[__] am I like am I losing my
mind did I forget
where okay I just you have to use your
imagination okay you just has to you
just have to use your
imagination
um I I'm going to sound like a broken
record to anyone who actually talks to
me
um what I what I okay so
okay I need to explain this cuz it's
going to come up later it's a part of
the test um I'm Creek flow is getting a
a limited
CD it's mostly just known to the people
in the super Pony World server but yeah
um
but there's a there's a funny thing
about
it right
um let me get the funny thing about it
cuz then I can move on to what the
context of something
is
um okay where on Earth is
it oh wait I know where it is
nice
so this this CD design the CD case
designed for I'm Creek flow uh looks
like
this on the in when you when you take
when you pick up the CD from the CD tray
you just get to see his face
let me rotate this for you oh it w
rotate okay that's
fine
um and it also has an
insert this is the front cover of the
the
insert so you get to see his face twice
if you get the uh if you get the CD
which is awesome now I'm going to I feel
like this go with explaining but I'm
going to explain why this is so funny to
me so for the uninitiated which I'm sure
almost everyone knows what's going on
here but this is the Ian hawk guy from
Alvin and the Chipmunks and he's like
the evil corporate like like uh [__]
Team Rocket kind of character for the
Alvin in the Chipmunks story or
something and uh he's just like
comically evil and I feel like that's
why it's so funny it's like I was I
found I found the image because I was on
Pinterest and like I saw this I just
thought it was so [__] funny because
like he's he's like so comically evil
the act of suggesting there is some sort
of nuance to his character is like the
absolute funniest possible thing
whatsoever I'm going have B you from
chat if you keep talking about uh the
jpeg Mafia thing
um I I just find it really funny cuz he
literally is not even slightly the
victim him even a little
bit it's just just an evil just evil
record label guy that's just how it
is now so I feel like are founding
finding the
uh the the one fan cam is just like
takes it even
further cuz like who like who is who who
is this actually for who is this video
actually for
Dave never lose
[Music]
like who who was looking at that and
being like Oh yeah that's so me that's
so that's so
relatable like
who yeah no that's the thing is it's
like it's like a it's a sigma grind set
thing but like even if you consider the
people that that would be targeted for
this guy is like kind of a failure so
like he's not he's not even like fitting
for like the sigma motivational guys
right he's not even fitting for that so
like I asked you again who is this who
is that
for the sigmas don't want
him just me me me so confidently
honestly hats off to hats off to that
sentiment it's for
you it's for you
that's the thing okay about the drift
Funk stuff as well I keep getting
comments of people being like you need
to make it I really don't want to I'm
going to be honest but I wanted to
challenge myself just to deal with it
for just a
moment
so I made uh I made this video got zero
like no likes on Twitter because
uh CU there's no way I would get any
likes
but I I made I I I made the music in
this
[Music]
so like that's that's the only Funk
you're getting up out of me guys I'm
sorry that's the only funk music you're
getting out of me it's a remix of like
just some YouTube intro song or
whatever
um what is
this oh no I can't I can't play that one
you're not ready yet all the time I have
like an entire repertoire of like
monarch of monsters [__] posts I've been
exchanging with uh with larve candy and
I wish I could share them but we have to
wait until the album's
out to uh to
reveal
um just wow also Monarch is like not
really not an album you should make [__]
posts about but we kind of just have
been
anyway um but it's just like that Al I
having
here oh I've been obsessed with
this
my here I know him does anyone know
where I can buy this like I'm being
completely honest I'd love to have this
in my room and uh just like make him
yell at me every
day oh my God you
uh looks like Home Depot no that's elf
you're that you're so close that's elf
you're so close that's elf
um but like I have a I have an elf
special interest and it gets worse and
worse and worse uh as we get as we
approach
Christmas uh I basically I basically
love Elf all all year round and I watch
.l a few times a year no matter what
time of the year it is but uh but the
closer we get to Christmas like the
worse I get
um this is like this is maybe like
really personal lore that maybe not
everyone needs to hear but I I I have a
like this is I'm I'm not joking when I
say
this uh this is like not a joke but I
like 100% genuinely ship uh Buddy the
elf and uh Wanda the manager of of
gimbals I I think they're in love and I
made like I've made several like like
like heart Gifts of them
because I think they're so gay and nice
and so
good
uh
yeah that's that's that's a that's
Violet Pony lore that maybe you didn't
need to know but you all right kids this
better be good I was in the
forest got the
call I didn't mean to click
[Laughter]
God okay don't worry about it don't
worry about it don't worry about it
everyone stop
screaming sorry just my my folder is
really good my folder is really
good I put the Jack Black uh oh that's
the other lore now I have to explain the
other lore okay
so uh musicians on Twitter you'll know
this one I had
a I woke up from a dream the other night
about
Tracy I had a dream that we were in an
Uber and I was like and the in the dream
she was telling me about this really
insane plug-in like music plugin called
the
gusher and uh and and and she's in the
dream she was like it's the next big
thing in Distortion and
then
everything if you use the plugin on
everything it just turned every single
sound you put through it into the
sound just not just the square wave and
I I I said that to her I mentioned I had
that dream and then she got she she
tweeted it out so can someone make this
and then someone
did and it it's just real
now and the problem is I don't know if
anyone else struggles with this I have a
really bad like com uh like uh word I
have a really bad compulsion to uh not
be able to differentiate my dreams from
reality
sometimes my dreams tend to affect my
everyday life quite often if it's a
realistic enough dream sometimes that
will conflate it to be like something
that happened in real life and so when
Tracy did that and made and had someone
make the plugin real was like wow this
doesn't help at all this this makes my
life so much harder I don't know what
real like that wasn't a joke it was an
actual existential question I had um but
but all things said and
done I am very very
pleased to at least present to you
um the [__]
gusher that takes anything you put into
it and turns it into
uh modulated Square
wave so let's take some audio that
everyone knows and
loves and uh put in put it in through
the the gusher and I'll see what the
gusher
[Music]
says I
a
[Music]
is this Jack
singing why did you say Jack without the
black what are you saying to me is that
Jack
singing is that is that my friend
jackary singing his heart out right
now okay um I'm trying to think I'm
trying to think what's the
I don't know why I was like who's the
actor for Elf again and for some reason
my brain said it's Billy ish you [__]
idiot like it isn't thanks for
suggesting that to me but it kind of
isn't very well done and good suggestion
but it's not Billy ish is not
elf anyone think Billy eish should be
elf will will frell that's that's the
actor
I should remember this I was like oh is
that bill the elf Bill frell
William William fril Willie eyh that's
it hey hey you you figured out why my
brain went there cuz I was thinking
Willie iish on the Chocolate
Factory good Alum by the
way I was like uh it was Billy isas
um I always thought she was like a
really good
uh like performer but like none of her
albums really stuck with me and then the
finally she made an album I really like
album's really
good only listen to it once I got to do
it
again
uh you know what I haven't I still
haven't listened to the magdalina Bay
album or the panol album cuz I'm scared
of both of them
like they're both albums that I know I
like so much that I have to like be
ready to like fixate on them for like
the next rest of the
year so I keep putting off listening to
them I'm I kind of will I for I know for
the parano one I will and for the
Magdalena Bay one I probably will too
this year's been really good for uh this
year's been really good for music
though I say Good Year not not as much
hip-hop this year or like a underground
hip-hop
but we'll get there there I I you know
what I just I what was it the Arman
Hammer I still haven't listen to that
either talking about how there's no no
underground hip hop this year and I'm
like still I still haven't listen to
Arman
Hammer Peggy I guess there's I guess
there's Peggy topical I I haven't
listened to that either but I'm not sure
if I want
to I I don't remember if there was
resolution to the whole like Kanye
worship
situation I don't remember that put me
off
though
um yeah I I would have a hard time
listening to the the new jpeg Mafia with
that I could probably get over it at
some point but just like oh my God he is
he is annoying but usually when he's
annoying he's like funny this time it's
like annoying and like oh my God
why yeah CH ruins
chill I don't have like a ton to say but
from what I heard of the the new Alum
was really good um I was I was feeling
so tragic about black midi breaking up
and then I heard the new GRE single I'm
like all right we're going to be
fine we're going we're going to be
fine I hope everyone put puts out like a
a really prolific like solo project in
the uh the black midi
Hiatus what else is else have been going
on this year we're just talking about
music
now oh my God how could I forget the
okay I actually went to the uh shushu
concert a couple of days ago at a holos
scene and uh I know they have their new
album just came out I think today or
yesterday but they were selling the
album at the show I technically could
have listened to the whole album like a
day or two early without even going
through a leak or
something
um and a from from uh was it common
loon was the one single I heard was like
uh really accessible it was like really
it was like really kind of a normal
song which was strange from shushu cuz
even with like shush shu's like poppier
stuff it's still like weird weird as
[__]
so
interesting yeah it it is very
reasonable to be scared of shushu and
the and the show was kind of scary too
but like the the audience was super
chill it was actually a really nice
atmosphere but then the music itself was
like a little little bit scary the way I
described it was watching like Jamie
kind of just well Jamie and Angela both
just sort of having like mental
breakdowns on stage which was an
experience but it was really really cool
and really
artistic yeah the noise is really good
what I'm what I'm what I'm aching for is
I I am need to know that uh swans will
do a tour that at least has a leaving
meaning and after
material because I know they're not
touring their uh anything in the SE
Trilogy anymore at this point I I became
a really Argent fan too late or I would
give I would give
anything because at least leaving
meaning was like a still a little bit
wall of sound drone stuff
making something like shushu uh shu's
had a influence on Monarch so I wouldn't
say the the inspiration is like super
obvious unless you're familiar with both
me and shushu like kind of intimately
and just knowing how that's affecting
things cuz uh Monarch isn't going to
have a lot of like Electronics in it
there are there are some but like
compared to everything I've done before
it's a very minimal and uh she makes use
of a lot of like electronics and like
modular stuff not on stage
though I was again really surprised at
how big their sound was uh with just how
few instruments they had it's very
impressive I want to see
swans I wish I wish I had seen I wish I
had known their work uh in in in the
glowing man tour that's what I I would
have done anything for that
I didn't discover swans until
2021 and then even then I was just like
oh I like this this is really good like
it didn't like click fully I just knew I
liked it and enjoyed it and it wasn't
until like around mid last year that I
was like oh [__] this is that this is
that like this is that that everything
for me kind of thing
I didn't know they released stems of
anything that is
fascinating here's more lore which which
should be funny
um there's like a trifecta of bands that
got me to a quadfecta maybe if you
consider radio head the radio head
wasn't as big as an inspiration to me as
a as a kid but
I'll just include radio head for fun I
would say the four uh bands that like
got me wanting to make music were
Genesis radio head Queen and Muse when I
think of my childhood pre everything I
think of those four
bands
um Genesis radio head and Queen have all
continue to grow on me and I love them
all so much the odd one out of those
four
is a
muse I became a fan of Muse in like what
2007 2007 2008 probably like 2008
because it was before the resistance but
not too long before the
resistance and
um all of their albums before the
resistance absolutely fire when they
were radio head clones they were fire
and when they started to grow up a
little bit they were fire
the first four Muse albums are like just
chef's kiss so [__] good um and then
they released the resistance and when I
was I was a kid in 2009 I was 10 years
old and I liked it I knew I liked it but
something felt strange and I couldn't
figure out why it felt
strange I wasn't old enough and
experienced enough to understand why it
made me feel that way so at that point
in my life I was just like you know what
I can ignore ignore the weird feelings
I'm having and just enjoy it I think
it's great um and then then
uh when they released Second
Law that's when I was getting into
electronic music a lot more and I was
learning more about like Skrillex's
stuff and like you know the whole EDM
scene so I was like oh my God they're
going to have like a crazy wub wub wub
song on the second law that's going to
be crazy and I think there is like this
uh
like inability to understand that band
could fall
off at that time there was an inability
to understand that a band could fall off
I wasn't ready to understand that
concept yet and um so I heard the second
law or and I remember I bought the
physical CD at the same time I got the
album
title is it a album title goes here by
Dead Mouse I got those both on like
physical
CD and the dead mouse alum album has
aged so well
actually the uh album title goes here
album is actually I feel like better now
in my opinion than when it came out I
feel like there was so much EDM
happening left and right that there
wasn't any way to fully have a
retrospective on that album until the
noise died down and like you kind of the
honeymoon phase was over for the Dead
Mouse stuff really good well-aged EDM
house Progressive house album
nice the second law album by
Muse I stopped listening to Muse around
after that album came out and in the
years that followed I completely forgot
they existed aside from whenever they
released a new album and I didn't
care after revisiting uh I think like
three or four years ago I started
revisiting their work
again and like holy [__] um the second
law is so [__]
boring it has like three really really
strong songs on it and then that's it
three or
four I I couldn't believe how
like uninterested I was in what was
basically my one of my former biggest
music
interests I have heard the new amus
album and it is like it is like a is
like a car wre it is like so [__]
tragic to be I don't know what happened
to
them I I
all the the other three artists the
other three bands Queen Genesis and
radio head have all only grown on me
since becoming an adult Muse has has
backfired I have just become resentful
of their music that even their good
albums I feel weird about listening to
because it's like I just know what
happens I know I know the train wreck
that occurs uh 2009
onward the resistance musically in terms
of like instrumental I think is still
really self
but the lyrics that's when their lyrics
got really [__]
weird
like the way I've described it is M's
music after black holes and Revelations
is basically like babies's first 1984
but just over and over and over and over
and over and over and over again and
they just don't want to do anything else
it's just baby's first
1984 if even that maybe that's giving it
too much credit too I don't know and I
don't normally like to talk bad about
art I I personally in the modern era of
my life prefer to just not talk about
art I dislike and talk more about
uplifting art that I care about however
I do think when you're a banded as big
as Muse and you have millions and
millions of dollars to invest into your
project if it's going to end up sounding
the way [__] will of the people does
I'm going to be upset about it because
it's basically corporate art at this
point it's like hardly an individual
project um so that's that's where
there's like a fine
line um if I just don't like something
I'm I just don't talk about it I just
move on I I hate this idea that we have
to like leave hate comments and stuff we
just like who [__] no one cares
stroke your ego somewhere else I don't
care um I used to be the kid to leave
hate comments on everything I disliked
and no one gained anything from it I was
just an [__] and I was feeding into
my own
anger it's it's it's not constructive do
not be that way but but with Muse there
is an exception because they have so
much money and they have so much like
corporate power that there is a bit of a
difference I think as opposed to going
over to some independent artist whose
stuff you dislike and just being like
really mad about it for no reason just
just grow up do something else move
on but M was so tragic cuz I love them
so much and I wouldn't be making music
if it weren't for their influence and so
it's like how do I reconcile this love
for their old
music with uh just how
like weird conspiracy theory
[__] uh their their music has
become I think the worst part is like
they have this like this anti-government
like anti-establishment attitude which
is something I can get behind like I can
get behind that so much and yet why do I
feel angry when they say these things
like that's Terri that's such a bad
thing uh but Queen I've only come to
love so much more over the years radio
had the same thing in fact a lot of the
middling feelings I had about their work
when I was younger have gone away
completely as an adult and Genesis uh
well Genesis is my deepest music love
that there is and uh probably my biggest
music uh fixation
uh in general for my entire
life um I could basically talk about
Genesis for for for my entire life and I
kind of
have um but they're like the sole reason
I make music I
think I actually am not as intimately
familiar with modest Mouse's music as I
probably should be I used to listen to
their music quite a bit just on the
radio uh growing up in the Bay Area we
had uh we had KFOG radio and I think
that's defend now but they played a lot
of Modest Mouse if I remember
correctly or maybe I'm just
misremembering how is the song going we
weren't doing anything we were just
doing
[Music]
this Coldplay I think is overhated and
un and uh not hated enough at the same
time I hope that makes
sense I don't I don't know how to
explain it I'm a little bit more
forgiving for them because like they're
kind of just silly and chill so I'm I'm
not too mad about it um I think people
over haate Coldplay too much and I also
think people
who like cold playay don't realize why
they should criticize cold player I hope
that makes sense like everyone's
opinions on cold player whatever they
are you're wrong you're all
wrong um but I like C play um I don't
really like any of their albums after
ghost
stories but I forgive them I think
because at least it's not conspiracy
theories
um yeah exactly too hated by those who
hate it not critiqued enough by those
who love it I think once artist uh get
to be backed by a certain level of like
Corporation um music label stuff it's
it's definitely worth considering what
they're bringing to the world because
their influence is so profound but with
cold playay I feel like at the at the
worst at the worst Coldplay is just
inoffensive and
boring at their worst and it's like I
can't really complain too much about
that especially when yeah stuff like
clocks the scientist actually okay I'm
going to die on this hill I'm going to
die on this hill
but I don't care who cares but uh Milo
zido is a Coldplay's best album and I'm
not going to have any arguments about it
I love their early stuff their more
acoustic stuff nice Milo zodo [__]
rocks out loud
though just got to be completely honest
and the Rihanna collab was the biggest
[__] in the universe I will die on the
hill for just uh for just the Rihanna
collab
um just like that was such a good that
album was such a good moment also I went
to the tour for miloa where where we got
the wristbands that light up and [__]
that was fun too really great live
performance so like Coldplay
they they have my forgiveness if they
just if the worst they do is be boring
and inoffensive I've also been to two or
three Muse
concerts
um
and they were
cool just a lot of lights though just a
lot of just a lot of
like Ju Just a lot of
CGI just a lot of
AP and uh I couldn't imagine myself
going back to a Muse concert in 2009 I
don't think I would do that
again I know that miloo one was during
the Milo ISO tour so it's going to be
like 2011 2012
right
um my first ever concert was Bruce
Springsteen which I do not regret
because uh Bruce Springsteen's also
grown on me quite a
bit I would have been like eight or nine
years
old um and I wasn't a Bruce Springsteen
fan
yet my parents were like okay you're
going to go to this concert this is
going to be your first concert I'm going
to be okay whatever and they like forc
forced me to listen to a bunch of Bru
Springsteen on the way there I was like
hell yeah this this is kind of this kind
of
rocks
um my first concert was Muse I'm happy
for you and very sad for you at the same
time I hope you understand
um but uh Bruce Springsteen Bruce
Springsteen is the kind of artist that I
feel like really only does get better
the older you
get just makes more
sense and uh [__] hits harder every
time I saw Elton John and
the at a
festival I don't remember
when Muse 2019 oh oh no no that's the
simulation Theory tour oh I'm so
sorry oh
no oh that's not
good that's really
unfortunate oh oh my god oh simulation
theory is going one of the worst album
covers I've ever seen in my entire
life Pierce ofil fire I uh went to Warp
Tour in 2015 and uh I was backstage for
uh some of them cuz my my family is
always like working for these events and
stuff like so we had like passes to
everything at Warp Tour in
2015 and uh I think it was like Vic
did a little high five to me and the
silver because we went
together that you know I'm also going to
die in a hell for uh Pierce the
Veil I think uh Pierce the Veil is
overly hated because some people just
have it out for like the post hardcore
scene for some reason either because
it's not metal enough or it's or it's or
it's like a weird development on Punk
it's like it's just not enough for
everyone in every corner like the post
hardcore scene
I feel like the new a lot of new metal
music gets the same rap because it's
like new metal artists didn't really
like want I I feel like new metal
artists didn't really want to be
associated with metal as a genre but
like it just became the term people
called it and so people who listen to
metal music are like okay but new metal
isn't even close to metal because it's
not um and so the point of contention
with the new metal music isn't really so
much that it's like
bad it's just like the term itself is so
contentious cuz like Lincoln Park's good
think Park's fine I feel like if the tag
new metal didn't exist uh people would
respect them
more I have a like a guilty pleasure of
listening to
pod um which is funny because I'm an
atheist and they're like a Christian
rock band Christian new metal
band but uh I can't help it I don't
know yeah IDM IDM is another thing um I
don't know I don't feel like the general
the general audience is going to know
about the IDM one but IDM is stands for
intelligent dance
music which is funny because it's mostly
just like a development on German bass
mostly German bass and uh kind of
adjacent techie
genres um
IDM is kind of like the the the latest
stage of uh of that style of music I
think I say style Loosely just kind of
this idea of like techy electronic dance
music um and the reason why IDM is such
a weird [__] name is one why are you
going why intelligent dance like how
pretentious do you have to be like first
and
foremostly I remember when I was a kid I
first heard the term IDM I was like that
was that's really [__] stupid and
then as I got older I was like okay I'll
just use the term because everyone uses
it and then I got older again I'm like
wait this [__]
sucks so I was right as a kid um but the
real reason why IDM as a term sucks is
because of this ethos that like IDM was
like a I'm going to say this as a quote
unquote thing IDM was quote unquote a
competition genre to stuff like drumond
Bas and jungle music and drumond Bas and
jungle music had a very strong black
presence uh in in the artists scenes
and generally IDM tend to be a a term
held by like a lot of white
artists and it was like this idea that
oh our music is so much more advanced
than jungle music even though it's like
jungle music is like is the reason quote
unquote IDM would even exist to begin
with and second of all it really isn't
that much different from jungle music
it's just a little bit techy and like
kind kind of like I don't know
trans-like
sometimes or or just whatever it's
really not that
different and so it's like for it to be
so adjacent to jungle music what and
jungle music came first pioneered
primarily by black artists it's like why
the [__] are you calling this
intelligent dance music this is [__]
weird as
hell like that is that is
like um I don't even know if you could
say thinly veiled racism is even really
how you would describe that situation I
problem is a lot of people don't realize
this cuz it's like not a lot of people
are going to go into why genres are the
way they are and so a lot of people just
like say
IDM when in reality uh who was I think
it was Apex Twin said cuz aex twin is is
usually labeled is usually labeled IDM
music and he rejects the label he's like
please don't call my music IDM that kind
of sucks um and he suggested the term
brain dance which is just kind of silly
sounding instead of like pretentious
sounding so I don't know
it's this it's a similar reason as to
why uh I'm really careful with using the
words
dubstep and um Rhythm music
because um dubstep originally is also a
primarily black genre specifically from
like
um in in like the London electronic
scenes from like the '90s 2000s
very much pioneered by by black
artists and then basically you had the
Skrillex I am the biggest Skrillex fan
in the universe I need to make this so
clear I am the biggest skrs fan in the
universe but let's be completely honest
he ruined the perception of what dubstep
actually is he took light inspiration
from these from these scenes in in the
UK and then he basically got everyone to
say oh dubstep is the music that's just
transformers throwing up and then this
really vibrant scene pioneered by a lot
of black artists was now associated with
the Transformers throwing up sounds even
though it sounds nothing like it and
so that's why it's really important to
be pedantic about genres I think uh I
did a tumber post about this you can
read if you like Google it or something
but um I used to be the kind of person
who was like oh everything is either
just rock or electronic or whatever you
don't need to get so specific about it
but the thing about genres is um it's
not just about sound it's about culture
intent um the people behind it the
purpose the scene the everything the
place and like to ignore the importance
of genres and scenes as labels for
things is to ignore cultural identities
in every part of art so I I became
extremely pedantic about genres and
every time I go on about it I sound like
a nerd Emoji I really do but I'm going
to keep doing it because I feel like
it's important uh we lose so much
history if we label things incorrectly
and we lose so much history by letting
things like Skrillex
redefine you know a a vibrant
culture
um so that is this how did I get in this
conversation we're talking about IDM and
we were talking about what
before Oh talking about new metal and
stuff like that
yeah
um and so in and for stuff like uh girls
SW Wizards girls for wizards actually
doesn't really have dubstep on it it's
all bro step music cuz that's like kind
of the SRX the SRX uh ruining the
ruination of the of dub step music and
then for stuff that's like the kick kick
clap kick kick clap stuff uh which a lot
of people Call Rhythm I think it was
infect recommended calling it trench
instead based on an old uh release of
this of the genre or
something
so and there are lots of moments where I
have
uh thought that like the genre
redefinition is
important I think in general I think
people should at least try to recognize
that there is value in caring about
these things and you should be pedantic
about it in my opinion even at the risk
of sounding a little bit
pretentious cuz true pretention is only
if your intentions are don't
exist if you're if everything you're
doing is completely meaningless in your
own right if you have good intentions
and you're you want to do the right
thing then you know that's just how the
world
is damn I talk a [__] lot when I do
sometimes um
that is to say new
metal back on the topic of new metal
sounds nothing like actual metal and
actual metal is a really weird topic too
because there's so much metal music
there's so many different kinds of
metal
um you could there are a couple stores
in uh in Portland that I frequent and
most of them what they do is they group
almost everything into pop pop rock SL
R&B um classical and then they just have
metal because metal is such a diverse
genre with so many different ideas in it
it is insane how various metal actually
is it really does deserve its own
section above everything else cuz it's
like they R different sounds they' they
these bands come up with are like
just
insane but
um I don't I don't think I'm listening
to Marilyn
Manson unfortunately I mean yeah I don't
think I'm listening to the new Maryland
Manson
um there is
[Music]
a what was it called there is
a I don't know what what the specific
like sub genre metal it is but uh
fantana was uh was
showing this one band Oran P Pazuzu on
uh one of the new music
Fridays
and that's like become my
obsession I think the past uh couple of
months is just so like this the sounds I
heard changed my
life yeah avangard black metal that's
that's right and they're finished
right so it's like finished black metal
aard black
metal um and I'm so thankful because
like uh Aran pzi is like the some
inspiration I really needed desperately
for Monarch which was a really sick
um like [__] noise is
good this noise is good
um and I'm anxiously
awaiting their uh their new one coming
out this this month I'm praying for a
vinyl release so bad so bad cuz I saw
they had for like their previous album
they had a run of 15 cassettes 15
cassettes for their uh 15 cassettes for
their last album I like
damn what's a yeah there's a new orans
pazu album on uh at the start of next
month I think
I've also been uh listening
to well was just a one but I got into
listening to Earth 2 the the Drone metal
stuff [__] beautiful stuff hello
who's
yelling just I'm late on so much music
and I'm really glad to
be I really glad to be just like uh
exposing myself to more music if anyone
has suggestions too please just not
Marilyn Manson anything
else I don't think I have but I saw
borest cross my timeline a few
times
SCA well I have to love ska because I
love Punk and SCA is punk
Are you seriously going to yell at me
from downstairs no
way s
Boris oh
okay I don't think I've seen this oh no
I have I have I've
seen I've seen the cover for flood
cover for amplifier worship looks kind
of
fire System of a Down is more
like System of a Down is more new metal
adjacent I'm I'm
thinking uh not I'm not really B to slip
knot Metallica and Iron Maiden are more
like old old head metal which is good
too didn't Metallica come out with
something recently it was just kind of
strange oh no judas's priest came out
with something this year didn't
they oh metal Metallica came out with
something last year but I didn't know
about it until this year it was a it was
questionable but met all
good new God sued You black Emperor this
year really
I did not hear about
this that's that's got to be like
uh it's got a very blatant title as
well no no title as of February 13 2024
28340 are dead I see oh I see
okay mhm
yeah okay
okay um that's going to be
interesting I'm just looking up
right
now yeah that's that's what I thought it
was going to
be
um kind of fire that they're doing that
as an album but also just like a
painful and I feel like that album will
maybe ruin many people but it's probably
very
necessary um
yeah I it feels weird to say I'm looking
forward to
that yeah is it there is it g to be like
a a
fundraiser is the is the album going to
be like a
fundraiser because that would make the
most sense with uh with the subject
matter okay
cuz I think that would
be really
good that's
intense that's a lot
I'm just trying to say if that's like
a I mean Gods speed You black Emperor
has always been
based that's the
thing that's just their
history as far as I
know um just crushing this is really
crushing
I'm going to look out for uh for that
probably trying get people on
it they're
um I got into them kind of late too
wasn't and until like the last five or
six
years uh I could have really used that
[__] in like early High School I think
would would have been good to
hear oh did Lincoln part actually
released a new album I don't I can't
keep up with this
[__] sorry I have to line these up with
the track and then I have to put this
here so now it's
like perfectly lined
up see so nice that's so nice
they did a song for League of
Legends this is in tandem with
uh Porter Robinson playing the League of
Legend song on a the concert
wait vid what do you want to
say I am placing blocks and [__] cuz I'm
in [__]
Minecraft nice thank you very much B for
for that input
put the vid in the gusher that's what we
put for a second I was like haha so
funny you're talking about the Jack
Black song in the gusher but when you
say vid it sounds like you're talking
about vid but then I realized you are
talking about vid and you weren't even
making a joke and uh I'm
hallucina wait I have no idea what the
gusher is what does this
do wait ah
[Music]
okay
nice I know how to destroy
him I know how to destroy Jack
Black I swear we're like a [__] hive
mind
I didn't summon you with the Filipino
flag you're just drawn to it like a moth
Delight the gut made V evil is very true
one single
note I think the noisier a signal is the
better it is for the gusher because it
like it'ss really
confused I need to get rid his face
thanks no
more what else is in
this I keep watching this this this one
over and over
again oh alphus posted a picture dinner
with the girlfriend wait I thought Alice
was a girl I kept having this as like a
like a just just whenever around people
I just feel like wait I thought alus was
a girl just I keep saying that over and
over and over again like it couldn't
stop it's just been like that for the
past few
months uh I have
[Music]
the
um I have the gusher again
[__] yelling at
me wait I thought alphus was a
girl sorry I don't know why I said that
so dramatically wait I thought alus was
a
girl guitar pedal Crusher I don't think
that's it's Mon it's like very
monophonic I don't think that will work
very well unless we're doing this a
lead it does sound like Mark's Pizzeria
it really does
I say this like every day of my life but
I think like [__] posts from 2020 just
have like a really particular like smell
and Aura to them because when that was
when lockdown started and when a bunch
of like people who shouldn't have had
access to like ship posts were ship
posting and there's like the
strange just the strange aura that
exists purely in 2020 shipost
like I can't watch them I just hate
them after after 2020 fine actually you
know what no I think I think what it was
was 2020 was like a Nexus event
because the memes starting from 2016 up
until 2019 we're getting progressively
more and more like post ironic to the
point where the layers of irony were
getting so
deep and the like textural quality of
the memes were getting so fried that it
just stopped being funny altogether it
just stopped it was like the Nexus event
and 2020 was the
implosion was is just the implosion of
the of the [__] post economy don't
remind me of hey beer don't remind me of
e [__] in the in one of the servers I
remember we were saying like I think
it's the the patreon or like oh no it
was in where was it okay it was in one
of the servers I was in and I was like
it's already the start of 2018 it
already have the four best
memes already have four great memes to
choose from I can't [__] stand this
[__] I can't stand this
[__] like I this is 2018 through 2020 is
what made me revert back to finding MLG
memes funny
again I'm not I'm not playing the Dan
Daniel video
again that's what got me copyright hit
on the last stream and the VOD went down
because of the [__]
copyright do have killed
it it's only the start of 1843 okay so I
have some 2018 memes I made in this
folder still and what you just said just
reminded
me of one of them I have to find
it just type
singing yeah okay are for this
disgusting Time Capsule this is the
worst [__] this is I think I actually
posted this on YouTube community at one
point it might yeah
but godamn
it just this [__] stinks dude oh it
smells so bad I don't like this I I made
this I made this with my own blood
sweating
Hooves it is a little it is like slight
slightly funny now ever ever so gently
slightly but like God damn it uh 2018
I've [__] the internet is a place
where you can just hate everything every
day of your life I think
I don't know what else to say
he apparently uh live text on Mac OS can
recognize when someone's singing I typed
singing because it has OCR recognition
and I knew that it was a it would find
this but in the rest of the memes folder
it seems to be pulling up like
specifically videos where there's a
microphone which is kind of terrifying
like image recognition is getting that
uh interesting on just like my find your
window but because of that now I can
show you the the famous Porter
Robinson scrolling through all the
different snare sounds you have in your
folder and listening to a bunch of
different ones trying to pick the best
one so it sort of sounds like it
like um
and my favorite thing is searching like
dog or cat and just trying to trying to
see if it understands what a dog or a
cat
is okay well the first one that pulls up
is this one when I type dog which is um
I guess I guess it's doing the the text
recognition for that
one but uh yeah this that's not quite a
dog though but like maybe I mean there
was a dog but now it's dead
congratulations um um okay that's a dog
that's a dog that's a dog that's a dog
that's not a dog that's a
cat it doesn't
understand okay nice that's a dog that's
a dog oh my God I love this
one dude [__] shut up it's not that
[__] serious Christ almighty that's a
dog that's a dog that's a dog that's a
dog that's a dog that's not a dog that's
a cat oh no
OT oh I I just want to make sure you're
okay you're not plotting anything are
you okay I love
you okay fire that's a dog that's not a
dog that's
something um that's a dog that's a dog
that's a dog that's a dog and a cat
that's a seal oh no but it says dogs
okay this gets a pass cuz it says dog in
the
[Music]
air that one gets a
pass oh fire
[Music]
don't copyright my stream for that
please that is not a dog that is not a
dog even a little
bit that's like straight up not a
[__] dog
dude that's an elephant moving on dog
dog dog
this isn't I'll get
copyright damn Daniel shh that's a PNY
okay this is the one I care about the
most no try
again I quote I quote this like in my
daily
life just uh I feed my dog's a soda
every
day like I I love that they liked this
they're like yeah I I endorse this
action of feeding your canine
Pets the soda known as Dr
Pepper I think you should do that
more okay that's that's that's a cat so
good
try um that is a dog I suppose okay so
now what if I search cat that's that's
the big one that's the big question do
you know what a cat is that's a cat
that's a cat yep
that's okay that has the word catch in
it I love this
one you incompetent
fool
nice that is not a
cat oh don't copyright [__] God damn
it help me
guys I need everyone to know that um my
computer thinks this there's a cat in
this
image there isn't there isn't there
isn't there isn't someone needs to tell
my
computer that's not a cat very good try
beautiful wow don't do that
again don't do that again that's a cat
that's a cat that's a cat that's a cat
cat cat cat
cat that's a
peacock that's a peacock it's not a cat
I'll tell you that much it's not a
cat put it put it through the G
to oh my God
I you have have to stop being more
clever than me all of
you
okay that's not a c that's uh something
else wait wait wait a minute
don't stop stop stop please don't look
at
that oh my
God nice that's a cat that's a none of
the things in this video you are cats at
all there are several animals none of
them are cats nice
jump um cat cat cat cat cat cat Okay so
remember how earlier I played this video
because I searched a dog on my computer
and I thought this was a dog it's
showing up for cat
too can we have some consistency
please what's going
on C cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat
cat cat what is
cat I like why why is the Shar of his
cat it's cuz I titled it with
cat oh SpongeBob we're putting you down
okay these are all
cats nope that's not a
cat that's not a
[Music]
cat okay that's a
cat that's a cat yep yeah nice that's a
cat yeah I can't escape copyright I'm
sorry this VOD will probably go down
enjoy it while it
lasts why why even
copyright hit like a an unlisted video
what is the
point okay
nice I've gone through all my C videos
nice what do you think about that
vid I'm going to turn into a h shopping
cart known as David for
girls okay not sure what that means good
work
nice that was that that leaves me
thinking much to think think about what
do you think about that
dub
dub that's what I
thought I bought this
like expecting I would like need it for
guitar things but instead I just like
learned how to play guitar
instead so now I haven't really been
using
this cuz I realized if I play notes on
here
[Music]
here I was like wait it shows me it it
shows me where the chord shapes are if I
play
piano why do I even need this
anymore I'll just learn guitar that way
and so I did so uh shout out to uh to
ample to ample metal no not ample metal
just ample sounds for uh giving me a
guitar plugin that I'm not really going
to
use I do sometimes I used the only the
only time I've used this is for I'm
Creek flow I think for uh Creek flow uh
crashing into the Mercedes McDonald's
[__] but I was like that's so cool I can
learn chord shapes that
way so most of the guitar and a monarch
is just uh is just I played it I didn't
really know how to play guitar very much
before writing this
album now I kind of
do for stuff like uh Carousel I was just
I was doing uh kind of strange tunings
so I could do chord shapes and uh not
have to learn too much but now I can
play in standard and and dropy mostly so
I don't really rely too much on those
tunings
anymore uh playing guitar is easier than
I thought and harder than I thought at
the same
time the stuff that seemed like it would
be intimidating to learn was pretty easy
and the actual stuff like the alternate
picking and [__] was actually the hard
part
this Chris Martin tunings yeah just a
little bit I kind of want to play uh in
more open tunings but I've I've realized
now why a lot of people don't use them
it's they're they're very limiting you
can sort of only play a few things in
each particular open tuning and then
nothing else so for writing music it's
kind of fine but then when you want to
like do performance and stuff it's like
you have to switch your guitars out you
have to like do it tuning scratch every
new song or something it's like that's
that's a mess and then once you're in
that tuning you can only like play a few
things and usually specifically the
stuff you've
written I think so I think the open
tunings are like
cool but uh I I've come to realize
uh how how advantageous it is to just
learn how to play it with uh standard
tunings in
general oh Savant is one of my biggest
Inspirations not even just like on a
like a musical Sonic level but just
like before Savant came into my life I
was like I have to do one style of music
forever and then when Savant happened I
was like wait I can do everything I want
to which is why everything I do is under
the Violet Pony Alias no matter what I
do it's all under the Violet Pony Alias
because of
saon I don't think it's a bad thing to
do the alternate tunings or like a bad
thing to have like you know different
guitars for different tunings I just
like that's that's such a hassle and if
uh if it's if it works for someone
nice
um oh I the way I use uh the ample stuff
though is I as I reamp them and I I do
some tricks to make them sound a lot
more
realistic but I haven't really found an
opportunity to like keep them in a song
very much because I just keep learning
how to play guitar instead
I think I think all of Monarch can just
be played in drop D except for one song
that's
it I've just actually you know what
today I
just I
forgot I forgot I got a package that I
didn't even open it I was just getting
some uh
just some heavier strings for I'm going
to attempt to get
my Iz into drop
C cuz I'm I normally use like medium
standard
strings but the problem is the thicker
string gauges are probably not going to
fit my ianas by
default so I'm going to have to find the
the nut thing which I've never done
before but luckily okay here's the
thing I have a
uh my camera I hope you can see this in
some way okay I'll show you my guitars I
guess um here is
my uh the Gretch that I use I really
like this one a lot and this is probably
just tuned to drop d right
uh it it got a little at
ofune so that one's in and Dr
D and then I have
a squire which is also probably drop d
right now right oh no no don't listen to
that that's that was a surprise and
uh that was a surprise and I ruined it
here is
my Square this what has
stickers and there's list of on stickers
very topical nice um this is Drop D too
right okay that's some drop d as well so
that's that's a very standard tuning as
well now I'm going to show you what my
ianz is tuned to and when when you hear
this no it is not a
mistake this is it is not a mistake that
what this is tuned to this is this is
the ivanz I kind of want to get rid of
it but I'm going to use it uh for my
sick experiments to see how far I can
push it
um now I'm going to play the open chord
of my ivanz and once again no this is
not a
mistake I'll play the the strings one at
a
time that is the that is the chord it's
tuned to um now this ianz guitar
I kind of uh [__] up this the
restringing on this one instead of just
ringing it again I was like this can
just be my noise maker this is the one
for the noise experiments I'm going to
do
um and I love that chord like don't get
it twisted that is a sick chord
that's my favorite [__] to do on this
one is
just the strings are so loose you can
bend them like a full
octave that's all that's
for and uh it's it's been nice it's been
nice to have a guitar strictly made to
sound like that
and then my Bas
guitar is this this just a Geo
series base I think I turned this one to
drop C
cuz no it's in
D and my favorite thing has also been
going up here and
doing these
trying to get the ugliest cord I can
possibly I love that yeah here's the
here are the
stickers and got the Stewart Little
World Tour up
here and I have this strap for it it's
kind of cute
let's
see um I kind of want another guitar but
I couldn't do that without getting rid
of one of these and if I'm getting rid
of one of them it's probably going to be
the
ianz but up until that point I'm going
to do my sick experiments on it and just
uh learn how to like [__] up a guitar on
purpose um
but let's see
something there's one
song on
Monarch which uses an open
tuning um and I kind of wish I didn't do
it CU now everything else on the album
has been written in standard tunings
so it's the odd one out but I can tell
you what the tuning is cuz I write it
down the lyrics page for
it so the the tuning I had
my uh Gretch guitar tune
two um for this song in this song Only
is C sh gsh c 3 F 3 b e which is a hell
of a hell of an open
chord and the strings aren't even meant
to go that
low and what's funny is uh it's not even
like making use of how low the strings
are it's just I the chord to be
there but uh after I wrote that song I
was like I want to write most of this
[__] in like standard so if on a [__]
like [__] whim if I decide to perform
one day I don't have to have 30 guitars
with me I can just play them all in the
same tuning
um now if my ivanz can handle a drop SE
tuning with these heavier string string
gauges I I'll be very
happy
um but yeah uh Monarch is
mostly mostly like live tracking uh
guitars and stuff
hardest song to play on
guitar oh if I performed live it would
probably
be let me think
um probably
pest uh off this album the opening track
which will be the first
single um not because it's hard but
because I I I don't really know how to
play Things properly and so just trying
to learn how to do certain
things
um has has been difficult with my
fingers not callous sorry Hooves not
callous um my fingers used to
have uh calluses for
drums and then uh obviously I haven't
played drums in a while CU don't have a
drum set
anymore and my fingers haven't been
uh acclimated
to doing using strings a certain
way immersion
shattered absolutely tragic
um and the other thing is a lot of the
uh a lot of the guitars on this album
are not like processed to the point
where it' be super hard to do live
either um when I went to the the
tombstone show um the guitar player was
showing me the neural
DSP uh like stomp box thing they had for
their guitars I was like holy [__]
that's like Guitar Rig in a box and you
can have presets and you you don't need
amps and you can just like have a
playlist of
songs and you can just like swap between
your different like uh your different
guitar chain and tones
so with just that one box so so I was
like okay that actually makes uh playing
live guitar probably a bit more
manageable now the problem the problem
I'm having is uh everything on Monarch I
can play well the problem is I'm not
really practicing a lot I'm sort of just
recording until I get it right and then
once I've recorded it I I move on so I
haven't really been actually practicing
the things I'm recording it's mostly
just improvisation improvisation on top
of like things I've written for that
moment
um and so trying to relearn the things
that I've written would be a little bit
difficult so I can play them but then
playing them again is sort of
hard are you playing are you playing to
make more music not really I
don't I don't even know what that
is yeah I mean uh with something like uh
there's one song on the album where it's
just
like it's just
this I can do that I can do that all
day that one's not hard so that that
that song is uh
manageable in a in a light performance
setting but everything after that uh
it's uh more
complicated I guess
uh I I I could probably do anything
though just maybe I I don't think I'd be
able to play the one song with the open
tuning because it's just weird
that is to say uh yeah guitar has been a
a new
interest I can do anything chaos chaos
etc etc yes yes I know I am merely a
vessel for
jevil um shout out
jevil and uh let me go and help me right
help me and stuff like where am I what's
my name I don't know where I am am and
such see realizing that guitar is just
chord
shapes and then you can like just put
those chord shapes anywhere on the
guitar like changed my perspective
because I was like oh I'm really going
to have to memorize how to do every
single chord in the universe I'm like
actually should just's like a few major
cord shapes that do almost everything I
was like okay that's kind of nice
but the reason why pest is really hard
is because there was like a guitar solo
on that one which is a lot uh I'm doing
like kind of a like Zeppelin bends on it
which really hurt my
fingers cuz I think we're bending the
note up by two while keeping the string
to the next of it the same which was
hard to get used to but I did
it it's fine
yeah with the keyboard is the same too
if you just know your chord shapes you
just do it anywhere on the keyboard and
know your know the order of everything
and you're you're
sorted I feel like I remember that too I
I know you by the way I I saw you in
here hi by the way um I hope you're
well um if you want to talk Ableton more
just uh just message me I I love
teaching I love teaching friends
music um yeah it is more about
spacing basic but what I tell everyone
is learn your fifth chord shapes and
then everything else sort of like learns
itself for
you the same thing with guitar I I've
learned power chords and then um learned
about drop D so I don't have to do uh
two finger positions for a power cord
and I was like oh my my God wait and
then all the other chords follow suit
here and here and here holy [__] I can
play guitar now nice
um and just like practicing the thing I
need to actually practice to get good as
they would say is uh I really need to
practice like a doing more arpeggios and
like um going up and down the
scales a bit more and just kind of be
able to int it things more instead of
just using my ear so that is that
something I have to work on but for the
purpose of writing music um that's been
pretty
cool because I was supposed to get into
guitar when I was really little my
parents got me a red 3/4
Squire electric like a cherry red I
could probably find an image of it and
uh and that's actually the guitar I used
in Bonnie and then the guitar broke
because it was really [__]
old and I did not take care of it um um
I could probably get it repaired but I
don't really care about it
anymore
um what was I saying yeah one of the 3/4
size ones and I had like a an amp for it
and everything and I like made noise on
it a few times and then I forgot about
it like uh my passion for guitar went
completely away when I got more into
like playing
piano um
and then sometime in like
2017 yeah in 2017 was my era of like
wanting to do more like non piano
instruments and stuff and experimenting
with those things so I started playing
ukulele because of silver was teaching
me how to play
ukulele and then
um like a year later I found my that
same guitar The Squire I was like I
could probably make some music with this
and I kind of
did and what's funny is like even for
something like daybreaker I actually
used my one of my dad's guitars for that
instead I didn't even use my actual
guitar for
daybreaker
um and then I brought the guitar with me
when I came to Portland and then I
didn't really use it very much until
cutie marks and in uh while making cutie
marks it kind of got [__] up so I got
the uh the current Squire that I have
which has served me well
um but then I still really wasn't
focusing very much on
guitar up until Carousel I wanted to
push myself a bit
more and uh do some very basic things in
Guitar which I think was a good
experiment and then now Monarch is
guitar focused that is the main
instrument of this
album and it's weird it's very weird for
me I'm not used to it cuz I I wasn't
going to be a guitar player I wasn't
going to be a singer either and then I
was forced to
be but out of necessity I'm like just
learning how to play
guitar uh yeah and like I was saying
earlier with the alternate tunings I
find them very
limiting so just learning how to play in
drop D and standard tuning has been the
preference this time
around I will say for a lot of the ukul
music I've done are mostly alternate
tunings and uh some of those I have a
hard time playing because I don't
remember the tunings for all of them I
really want to remember what the twinkle
tuning was cuz it's one of my favorite
ones I might have written it down
actually cuz uh twinkle is my favorite
of the
ukulele songs I've done I think
where
is I also have a mandolin I have a
banjo oh my dear my dear ukulele what is
this
tuning so sad so sad open tuning okay
what does this say I have like a list of
three tunings here
[Music]
I guess I could play Twinkle on this
tuning but
[Music]
but I'm actually like like fretting a
chord whereas uh on the original twinkle
tuning I wasn't really fretting anything
except for the top two NS but I'm
actually doing a chord shape here
[Music]
that's one of my favorite cord
progressions I've done on uh any string
instruments it's very simple but that's
uh very nostalgic and very
nice also have the brother are you proud
of me tuning see if I can remember how
to play
that we're in G here we want to go to E
I'm not using a tuner I'm doing this by
ear
[Music]
is that the tuning I did for brother are
you proud of me
I don't know if that's correct but that
kind of a nice tuning listen to
[Music]
that oops oopsy daisies
menacing see I'm in my Monarch mood
right now it's like kind of the chords
I've been doing for Monarch a little bit
but on a y I guess
[Music]
okay let's
carried away what am I doing brother are
you proud of
me okay I'm going to use a tuner cuz I
uh I need need to at least know where my
e
is and then uh the rest follows
[Music]
okay I know where my e is now so I
should be able to do the
[Music]
rest that's it
there we go
[Music]
for
do I usually sing without audio mixing I
don't know anyone who does saying
without audio mixing unless it's like a
lowii recording cuz just by Nature
processed instruments are going to sound
are going to drown out your voice if you
don't mix it
properly oh without audio mixing on
stream
oh there's no processing on my voice
right now unless I switch to vid's
voice I wonder if I can um
[Music]
I have a really hard time playing
instruments and singing at the same time
though that's the
[Music]
challenge I can do it if I just stay on
this one chord
every time IE my wings I think
youed to be maybe I'm the
fo see I like I have a hard time playing
[Music]
something something I have a hard time
playing and singing at the same time so
if I do
this turn off monitoring that's [__]
me
up and just Lo that
there see
simple and probably
just beef
it and then
[Music]
every time I spread my wings I think of
you what it used to be maybe I'm the
fool oh
you my Amber moment in
time I'm miss
making that Line's always
weird actually don't even remember how
it
guess
conrete when
Earth all right let's do
this
brother are you proud of me
trying to hit falsetto while I have to
be quiet at like 2: in the morning is
kind of funny
sorry I haven't had water it's time for
that I also just realized I'm pretty
sure I have the instrumental of the song
I don't know why I'm doing
this so the thing I I haven't rehearsed
any of
this so now it's like is this before I
did the
instrumentals might have been
I
swear the problem is that there's also
the crying part and [__] and I can't do
that on command I have to like actually
be
crying
so by the way speaking of which there's
going to be a a radio edit of uh in the
name of friendship you don't have to
listen to me cry like a little [__]
every time you want to listen to the
song
actually you know what I can do this is
hard we have to say goodbye to vid
because I have to leave this project
just open the project we can talk about
it the creation of a brother are you
proud of me was a very interesting
process project breakdown
or something
um Cu
uh Paradise Valley was the album where I
think I started like standardizing my
projects so I could have like stems and
uh just have everything like cleaned up
and like future proofed I am hoping
there's no Plugin or sample
incompatibilities here praying for my
life
but the way I actually made brother are
you proud of me was I played a bunch of
okay I think everything looks good I
just played a bunch of things without
any like um no metronome uh no song like
I just played a bunch of things on
instruments and then kind of loosely
aliat toic and just recorded those and
then I put them together into a song
afterwards which is how I did a lot of
tales from reestri stuff
if anyone remembers that
one all the tracks are
missing is there anything interesting in
here
[Music]
what is
this very subtly very subtly here I can
see I used uh letter and
requium as a sample here just the rain
and uh
stuff letter and requium for my 2014
album horse
friends just for this little rain
part and that's it
what else in
here I don't know if there's actually
anything terribly interesting in here
it's kind of just standard fair oh
nowhere from uh ARL light and
[Music]
after no
turn into this pad here with these
[Music]
effects oh there is interesting things
in here oh my God I
forgot oh my okay so this here
only real ones only real ones know only
real ones know what this
is who here
knows who here knows
so I have to overe explain myself quite
often because there's just a lot of
newcomers to my music but the Violet
Pony project has
been around since
2012 and
um this is one of Twilight's is one of
the first songs I released
uh after no matter what but it's in the
group of like first
songs
um I wrote it when I was
15 and
uh it is a song that
even with that
age see Twilight even tide is actually a
cover of my own song Twilight so even
tide which I think came around for horse
friends was an iteration of the original
Twilight
song
um so Twilight the original song came
out in March of
2014 that was over 10 years ago that I
released that song
and for whatever reason it's kind of
fire a lot of my music from that era is
not that compelling to me but I do like
this
one but then there's more the lore gets
deeper here because it's not just here
that this is used
[Music]
but there's
this I forgot I used this in here
[Music]
so
pedals
is another song of mine from 2014 but I
never finished or released
it pedals was originally a song I was
writing for Lily
Cloud cuz we were together at that
time um and I never finished it cuz uh
we didn't stay together
together
but that's in
[Music]
here and is
this okay so oh nice I would like you to
see this
here is the file for pedals part three
there is the intro version here as
well from September 10th
2014 and the final version the last
version that ever existed is from
September 17th 2014 no one has heard
this except for me this isn't even
something I shared with anyone none of
my friends or anything so no one's heard
this and sometimes I forget because I've
heard this demo a million times in the
past 10 years I never did anything with
it I probably won't do anything with it
other than using it and brother are you
proud of me but I can show you the song
from 10 years ago that I did not finish
in Houston here
[Music]
so whoever like why is it giving girls
or Wizards cuz again the thing I started
doing in the phandom was EDM music and
for the longest time that's what
everyone knew me for it still feels a
little strange that the majority of my
audience now knows me for everything but
EDM and so with girl s Wizards I wanted
to remind everyone hey this is where I
came from do not forget I do this [__]
too
um but yeah those pedals I wonder if
there's any other interesting demos I
have oh open that
folder
shortly is that uh yes nice cool but
before I do that okay so we have these
two sounds on
[Music]
[Applause]
here I don't really think there's
anything particularly interesting else
in
[Music]
here there's just these little whooing
glittery things
which I love lots of chroma on
these here's one of those
[Music]
recordings this is actually Nexus I
think yeah this is Nexus don't tell me
that
I love this
[Music]
instrument I need to save that for
later funnyest
[Music]
tarp more Nexus love the uh this this
choir
specifically very Savant this is one
Sant is used so I use this
one I recently just listened to Quil for
the first time very
[Music]
topical now what was
this oh it was just uh landform strings
I was playing going through this
filter there's
that some omnisphere is it going to be
the the felt piano no it's the grand
piano some little pitch worble on this
[Music]
one these are just some string samples
nothing
complicated often times when I'm using
samples of real instruments I'm getting
like a whole pack of them and then
playing a a melody on my keyboard and
then trying to take the samples and
arrange them to the Melody I made which
uh can get
fun these are just some cord
[Music]
shapes also Nexus lots of Nexus I love
Nexus
and the base is a sub I
think oh
no oh it's an upright
base
and just
cello which makes this
sound I
M of it
[Music]
all some Tracy break Sounds
here that's a Tracy
breakes Tracy break Loop so maybe it's a
Tracy breaks collaboration if you
consider it let's take off the
processing I to turn on to
this with Monarch because so much of it
is like a live instrumentation
for Paradise Valley and gr War Wizards I
wanted to like up the sampling game as
much as I
could so that my fingers hurting had
something to enjoy later
on anything interesting about the
drums I like that sound what was it
what was
that where are
you
what oh there it is it's just called
splurt that was the original sound I'm
just pitch it down
I like this a lot this is just uh r/
drums shout out
Tracy I am like so into like the tiniest
claps in the world you know what I
mean like I live for this
sound one of my favorite things is like
having a huge base enormous base that
just gets side Chang by the side Chang
by the tinest clap in the
[Music]
universe run it through the
gusher I'm sensing a theme Here
guys all right here's
the that's what it was you just heard it
that's
it I think I have to turn it
[Music]
up oh that's so nice that's so
pleasant oh God I made it really loud
stop it's really loud now wait let's
wait let me copy and paste it to the
other parts here and just see what it
sounds like
[Music]
here I think I'm
unfolding space and time between
[Music]
we're doing the gush remix right here
right
now
[Music]
he brother my my sink is leaking hey
what
[Music]
hey hey hey hey hey
hey hey
[Music]
nice excellent
cool
um okay I have a folder of some demos
here I'm wonder if there's anything
interesting them there is a point where
I went through and and found like a
bunch of Ableton projects where I hadn't
exported
something and so it's like finding
things that I wasn't hadn't exported
yet
um yall want to hear the statue of David
oh my
goder you bought the statue of David
I've labeled the dates as to whatever
the project was a titled too so was
February
2019 um I actually released this period
like for for a short period of time on
Soundcloud so shout out to like the five
people who ever heard this released on
Soundcloud but I made this in uh July of
w
it is sort of a it is sort of slippery
yeah the 08s aren't even like clipped or
anything too that's just
raw what are some of
these wait do we have can is canned
bread in here no because I exported that
this is just stuff I hadn't previously
exported do you guys want to hear the
can can bread
FL is it this no that's the second
part okay I feel like I've already shown
this on the stream before but this is
for you guys we're doing it again um
this is from June 20 June 15th
2017 um and it's in two demo parts so I
have to like play them
uh
yeah wow
[Music]
the
how your child can visit steamy jungles
grassy bles and
[Music]
the 1 2 3 4
and then the drop is in demo
wow that's so [__]
don't let the door hit you on your way
to
Hell calm
down [__]
scarl um and you know what I'll finish
can bread one day when I'm done with
Monarch I I'll give can bri a look at
again it was originally something I was
working on with silver so I got to get
them on it
yeah CL jump scare
genuinely let's
see oh my God wait yo shout out
uh to
the uh musicians and pony reference at
this point
Elizabeth check
that's just a demo from September 2017
that's all there is it's kind of fire
though is it this one oh that's that oh
that that became uh out of your mind
which I think is is racon now so we keep
it out how about
this from July
[Applause]
2016 we
[Music]
[Applause]
like I don't know what's going on oh was
this
a this was the first demo I made for
Mystic Acoustics and it never showed up
at all in Mystic acoustics
sounds nothing like Mystic Acoustics but
I know it is the first Amo for
it wait team
call wow
[Music]
y those are from February 2 15 that was
almost 10 years
ago do I know what id
[Music]
24s that's it it's just a drum loop I
made what's
this s these are so [__]
funny I don't know that
[Music]
I just clicked
on please tell me this is Jpop this is
like this is like snail's house Copy Cat
music it isn't it's
just this one
just ambient something deception is the
original so deception used to be much
slower
[Music]
so does this to be that there's also the
early version of The
Watcher oh that is very
different what's this
one okay this is one I was I was
considering finishing uh for promise
complex at some point but this is the
second version of The Watcher which
never got finished
[Music]
[Applause]
actually everyone shut up I just found
the live edit NFL song
[Music]
oh this Low's a pretty cute character
but we can play the same game get us out
of here boy
[Music]
I just love it the very again just
the it's crazy what is
[Music]
gecko that's all that is I have I think
I the cord progression for Z Dusty star
I haven't had in my had in my head
[Music]
before I need to get on whatever that
was at some point can texture once more
[Music]
nice this is like a the oh here we go
nice
[Music]
nice back at it again at Crispy Cream
I was just on something in 2018 I don't
know what it was was the ship host
you're talking
about the last demo in this folder is
this
[Music]
not much to say about that I think
where's also
[Music]
this I know for a fact I pulled a lick
in this
[Music]
something something strange something
strange something
unusual
nice like I don't remember what all
these
are there is like a spoken sequel to
like uh oo Pony
directory which is going to be some like
a multi- song segment electronic dance
music thing
[Music]
doesn't really go anywhere you might
recognize this one
[Music]
if you compare that to all the demos
I've played from this like backlog
folder I feel like it's pretty easy to
see why it's still stuck out to me
compared to everything else
um but yeah in the name of friendship I
originally wrote uh in 2015 and that
demo you heard was the 2015
version and uh I listen to it every year
since I made it and wasn't ever sure if
I was going to finish it and then I
decided to for for girls for wizards and
honestly it's it's one of my best songs
and I'm really
happy I'm I don't [__] with the lick one
anymore it's just kind of funny
me I'm do things so
differently
okay um yeah also shout out to anyone
who likes o Pony directory I kind of
want to remake that
song Let
Still Still little all this
now I have a hard time balancing chat
and Minecraft so we're going to keep
trying we're still on the original
server I was playing on
but stop no you're
already giving me flashbacks from the
war
anyway I made an apartment a very
precarious situation but it's
fine just Badd had placed a bunch of
beds all around here and I need to get
rid of them what is this all about do
you imagine
[Applause]
it's a msh
p everyone
out every don't [__] look at me like
[Applause]
that okay apparently these two want to
stay in oh oh oh that's disgusting
my my house my house
how did you all get here
oh you love the Janitor's Closet you
love it
here you love being in the this
place
really it's so small you like it here
nice [__] is going on
Delbert I'm in these little apartment
rooms in my house for
them
and now there's there's
smelvin so this is fungus what's on
what's what's what are we baking today
uh Still Still leather tunics and Boots
nice
delicious delicious is
always is that the Jor closet uh no
longer interest you
tobert yeah boiled leather look at them
sleeping so peacefully get the [__] out
of that bed
did he hold a flower I don't know I
wasn't paying
attention no delbert's not really good
at anything smelvin is my prized child
who excels in every single thing uh
Delbert doesn't do
anything I still don't know what to do
with this room but apparently they like
it is the world dirt Center still there
yes it
is now wanted to make a trash compactor
but I realized that this only dumps one
item at a
time and it doesn't even make it
in so
uh I need to figure this
out classic room
what do you mean but why cuz it's
funny oh my [__]
God get out
Christ it's like he thinks he owns the
place this wasn't here
before
right this wasn't here
before I didn't plant
this Tre tent gross I'm
I start right clicking the Iron Golem
like we could have a
talk yeah anyway here are the here are
the towers
so glimmering with joy and
niceness love the slow turn that was
really
nice tragic
Yi yeah Twin Towers is tragic
y just let's just keep it plain and
simple love my
a my
yeah oh hi
Cadence I have to start putting [__]
away because of a building
project I put anything in here can you
get the [__] off
should replace villager noises with
the oh there is that one mod where
someone replaced the the vill the
Villager sounds or something else with
just the damn
Daniel and like killed them this funny
murder [__]
you know I moved all the villagers down
there I don't know how there are some in
here now
why is damn Daniel copyrighted is
it no it's funny like I didn't even try
to get the villagers in my home for
whatever
reason I wish I had done this on the
stream I really do but like when I made
my house up here the village is over
there there would just be this one one
villager that would walk into my house
all the way from the village to do their
job
here and I was making a joke to uh my
friends who run the server I was like
haha everyone look at my stupid failure
husband look at him go look at him cut
bricks in my house and then they just
kept coming and then they just kept
coming
they they wouldn't stop arriving at my
house they they came in by the by the
flooded but I I'm Noah's Arc for gay
people
okay don't you get
it don't you don't you get it it's noise
AR for no one knows AR for gay people
started laughing or something I don't
know be it's
me they came in by the droves and now
there are a bunch of unemployed ones
that stand outside my house and a bunch
of fishermen that stand outside my house
I don't even remember who was my first
husband
anymore it was really funny cuz at one
point the first husband that
came
like left at one
point
and like a completely different
villager came in and started taking the
same spot with a different job so my
original husband left and a a completely
different Pony came in
and I was
like hello where did my failure of a
husband go where did my absolutely
useless stupid husband
go and then one day after there were two
other ponies at my house that weren't my
failure husband he came
back I knew it was him because he was
one of the only villagers I had done
trades with all the way to the
top and I was just like wow welcome home
you [__] [__]
my other husbands have been so much more
productive and interesting than you
therefore you're a
buffoon a buffoon in villagers
[Applause]
clothing so
yeah yeah I've been trying desperately I
I I'm telling you there's a reason why
these ones are over here
why there's a room here I sat here for
like an hour and a half breaking all
these Le turns checking all their trades
not a single mending book has shown up
yet so I took a break from
that luckily my axe has mending my sword
has mending my helmet has mending and my
boots have
mending and
my fishing rod
actually that looks quite nice for
distance that was a nice build I think
what the
[__] oh there's also
that that's that was BD's latest project
was uh
that
so it's MEA
the funny thing is is the the word is
actually mka or something like that and
it's like polish for ant so like mea's
name is just ant but I just decided to
call her mea cuz I kept mispronouncing
it as as morala until Daddy taught me
how to actually say it and I was like oh
that's nice I'm just going to say mea
though like forever
I rotate between the names that I use
the most often so I kind of don't
know I think the easiest thing is always
to just say violet if we're not
friends mea in the
night right now I uh have I've been
enjoying the name wolf since that is the
name of the one of the aliases of the
main character in uh in
Monarch and Monarch is a very personal
album so there's like a lot of reasons
why it
connects I have played plenty of pony
town I thought it would be weird to have
a like a name as simple as wolf and it
felt so obvious and so like easy like
you had to earn it or something but I
think in making this album I felt like I
I think I've personally like earned that
name for myself in a
way
so I don't know if that makes
sense kind of want to fix these pads a
little bit the
shovels problem
I don't like I like the paths when
they're
symmetrical what I've resigned to is
just I like to collect names names that
I just like to
use I feel like most people should just
be that way cuz there's a there's a a
Liberation whether you're trans or not
to uh just choose your
name is this crazy this idea that we've
like resigns
to letting uh strange
aliens whom we don't know choose our
names for us before we're born or
something to that to that
effect so uh my thought has always been
like I feel like once someone turns like
16 or 18 or something they should have
like a change your name for free card
for like a short period of time like
just standardize that for people I don't
know
that's the other thing is uh Arya is the
name of the other primary character in
uh in Monarch so I hope that doesn't
throw you
off what am I doing I also need Birch
stairs don't
I yeah those are the stairs I using here
so we need Birch
stairs and the problem is that uh this
is a two
wide and then um the village is three
wide but I've I've uh reconciled that
with the fact that perhaps
the paths to homes
are too wide and PA to the Villager
three so
yeah um actually where Arya comes from
is a
dream so a lot of Monarch is based on a
dream I had in last
year and
Arya was the person in the dream
Arya is a good
name it's short but it has three
syllables which is kind of
fire it's it speaks to the to the
breadth of uh to the breadth of
it I want to keep this tree here
but am I out of dirt I'm out of dirt
I don't like this
though maybe oh you know what want to
just take the easy way out here and just
uh just remove this layer
instead I think because of my whatever
program I'm using to have window
Management on Mac OS sometimes when I'm
clicking in Minecraft there's like lag I
feel like if I turned off the program
it's like called Magnet or
something there wouldn't be any like lag
but uh I need my window management or
else I'll
cry what am I
doing nice
there I kind of don't like the placement
of this Farm
but I don't want to mess with what they
built it's so beautiful and disgusting
and rancid and amateurish and you guys
[__] suck at building Villages but
it's okay I forgive you I'm funny so
yeah
how just
how how did it generate like this
this is kind of
special and kind of like
beautiful I'm going to cover this up but
I'm glad we got to experience this
together
guys is it
still this will be our
secret no one has to
know and then there's this path dear
Lord dear [__]
god
oh what a
mess everyone had good intentions
planting all these uh these these trees
but we need to clean this up a little
bit do we do it this way or do it to
it we do it like
this we dig
uh dig one of
these and one path goes down this way
One path goes this way
is that fire or is that
mid his lyrics are that [__]
good actually wait no if I get rid of
these but I leave the leaves get it
leave
um that's actually kind of cool
do I have any cherry blossom
leaves an underground tunnel an
underground tunnel to solve this problem
an underground
tunnel that's what ELO must thinks works
so I [__] hate my life I'm just going
to dig a tunnel it's going to make
everything
better oh my oh my wife left me oh no
the tunnel
everyone hates me
tunnel oh where are my kids oh my God
tunnel new tunnel just
dropped uh buddy allow has a a midlife
crisis uh every every
week yeah he's like all these tunnels
but no trains never heard of that he
don't know what that is don't tell him
though that might scare
him actually I was going to be like that
give a heart
attack yeah don't do
that that' be
awful so
tragic 911 memorial really makes me
think
[Music]
how how do we do
this Minecraft villagers what hell have
you brought upon us okay
um
nice this is awful these guys don't even
know how to make dirt p
I do I'm a lot more interesting than the
villagers are I'm smarter so
yeah I hate
this I'm breaking this with a shovel God
can't hear me scream
it was born because Village inside this
building Christ sakes born somewhere
else maybe bother someone else somewhere
else
the gift of birth is not so much a gift
but a giant
SUV that someone named
Carl [__]
idiot I at Carl for
breakfast Carl tastes like
gingerbread
sausages or
something [__]
Carl
Carl the guy doesn't know where to
[__] shut up that guy doesn't know
when to stop you know what I mean like
God damn it God damn it if only right
you know what I mean [__] no more Carl
God damn it
the dist track them out I don't know
I'll tell you it's a Weezer
though that one's going to be a
weer it's a n a real KN
slapper am I kind of idiot or am I like
normal or
killed
CED I don't know how to tell you this
but there is actually a way to like go
wherever you want in the world without
paying any
money it is called
hallucinations and it does wonders for
your
skin start hallucinating as soon as
possible it really helps
looking into it I think you
mean no I I I do mean um I do mean
hallucinating cuz it's a little bit
forceful and a little bit scary just
like the real
world are you stupid don't you know how
to make a dirt dirt path cuz I do cuz
I'm more interesting than
you these guys don't even know how to
dirt a build path don't even know how to
turn into nacho Libra at all [__]
Jack
Black someone's an idiot there's only
one here and there's two here close the
door sorry I'm just like yelling at
Minecraft villagers for no reason this
is how I this is how I
uh it's just how I get it all out you
know what I
mean my sword's name is Wolf blade
Wolf's blade pick is Wolf's
pickaxe ARA's bow they have a
bow Wolf's crown wolves
boots I like to role
play meow
meow I have a quest for you I'm a cat me
me get
the
flower in your
lovely Pelt
oh
yeah oh
yeah just
wow just
wow it's so
beautiful love when this happens oh it's
so nice
I'm happy about
this just
h
the secret
ingredient is
love the secret ingredient is
love love is
explosive love is full of carbs and
calories
love can be alone
funny but most
importantly love is
steady much like an
anvil so
beautiful so lovely
they say strike the iron while it's hot
I say blow someone's house up so there
are anvils inside that will go in a few
places
all
right not but one chicken is in the
blast
zone how are you in here and less how
are you staring at a way to have a job
and just sitting here doing
nothing how what are you even doing
here I saw an infil go somewhere and I
think I lost track of
it does anyone know where it went there
were five one two
two okay one broke
three guys I may have misplaced two
anvils entirely
oh
four and no idea where the other one
is one was in the
tree oh
joy where
nice uh this left a much bigger
explosion than I was expecting and also
didn't even do anything to the the top
of
it that should be enough
dirt I hallucinated into reality you're
right
I don't even need psychedelics I just
need uh oxygen deprivation you know what
I
mean I don't know what I'm saying
anymore roof raised nope more like
everything else gone
I don't even remember what this looked
like anymore I don't even know how much
I'm supposed to build up I guess we just
go up to this
level by the way am I kind of like idiot
coded I found out maybe
potentially cuz I have a a furnace
Hopper system in my house does putting
lever there make it so that the furnace
doesn't deposit things into the
uh the hopper can you turn off the
Hopper's
input I just found that out potentially
today but I only saw it by
example oh okay yeah lock the hopper
someone likes the
dirt and it's time
Turner dror
Hooves I want to try it because uh in
the past for my Hopper systems I just
like spam my mouse like
this and hope I can just get it in time
I keep missing my blocks cuz I keep
staring at
chat Redstone tutorial that is
like something that I do not understand
even a little
bit the the piston door you saw to my uh
treasure room that that's that's it
that's that's what I can
do I feel it be funny yeah they just
have like vid like teach people crafting
recipes that just straight up don't
actually do
anything and she's just like
hallucinating
uh why why why am I stairs do you do
this I didn't make any of these Iron
Golems I just need you to understand I
didn't make any of
them what was I coming here for
oh dirt my favorite
okay so there's the joke where it's like
oh I love eating Mulch and like stuff oh
yay mulch mulch mulch like it's all fun
in games but then like recently uh there
is like a garden
project where uh Mulch and manure was
used and I kind of just felt
sick I can't do the joke anymore it was
just gross
also these were isolated dirt blocks I
might be stupid as well can grass just
grow without a source block
now is that the case
oh I didn't realize grass could
reach I've been playing Minecraft since
like
2013 oh my God
it can reach three even on different
levels I don't like leaving space Also
it's not therapeutic to leave
space efficiency doesn't equal better
experience that is actually a life motto
I have as efficiency doesn't equal
better experience efficiency can be good
if you want to be object oriented for
one reason or another well with
Minecraft uh chilling is
good that was apparently not enough
dirt
dirtless sometimes I think very often
about the fact that uh dirt is such a
such an actually valuable thing in real
life to sell and
buy whenever we we we use dirt as like
an analogy for something bad or useless
it's like we're not thinking about how
everything on Earth is just dirt
manifest we should love dirt we should
say no that's not Dirt Cheap because
dirt is lovely
I'm
hallucinating it does depend on dirt but
I am
generalizing that life is just dirt in a
good way
can't wait for this to take five years
to grow
was that seriously not enough
dirt I think I'm running out of dirt
the sun goes down and I am dirtless
again stop I'm my stairs really no way
21 what the dog doing now Adam Hurricane
Katrina we like hurricane
tortilla right Adam what the [__]
Richard bruh 21
now you can tell I'm actually
hallucinating
nope
wait
guys this is my useless
husband the OG the
OG the numbers
Mason what do they mean
what the [__] is happening what is
happening got back in bed uh after
waking up who's
resov tell
me tell me about what happened to
vuda Jarvis what is Bay of Pigs
what do I even put here now
that that that is a an Impulse that I'm
very glad I did not follow through with
dude come look at
this dror Hooves
please I have to show him the joys of
it come here you person come here where
did you
go why is he in a nice pleasant walk in
the woods what are you doing stop it no
no more just it's okay where the [__]
are you going what
bu all pal just wanted to stop and smell
the flowers
respect where the [__] are you going
like actually where are you going
what are you
done
this don't do it you have so much to
live for
like this look you
love oh
can you stop jumping planes
thanks hey man play with
this you've got to be kidding
me I have to kill
someone my bow has a
fire flame where are
you where are
you hey man it's fine
guys I just realized I can name my spy
glass to iPhone
are you not are you not over
it are you not over
it I love iPhone
the hi
hello they uh clearly haven't played
Call of Duty Black Ops for the Nintendo
DS spit back I spit bars not saliva Say
It Don't Spray it you know what I mean
bro 21 what the dog doing though Adam
I
know this is hard for us
but let me be
clear okay can I be frank
why am I
Argentina we did
it we we made a dirt pth
so dirty so pathy so bruh
21 what's the dog doing though Adam let
me be clear Hurricane Katrina more like
hurricane tordilla what the [__] Richard
no what did you
say so d right 21
hey G could you make me a sandwich I did
it the
maniz all right we the Vlogs cuz they
had a bad memories I did not plant this
did I are they planting them themselves
actually well
don't only a spoonful
wait I'm sorry did anyone notice I left
this here cuz I sure
didn't let's it rise up into a new house
oh my God
why what kind of behavior constitutes
this
buddy old Pal doesn't even know I'm in
me mom's car vro vroom and [__] and
stuff etc
etc I didn't plant this
I'm starting to get the urge to just
like start punching villagers I need to
stop doing
you you actually made me tab to see if
someone was
here I guess I get rid of this one
too only a spoonful though
hey let me get a
mint the Trees
Mason what do they
mean
Mason actually you're you might be on to
something everyone
cry how did it go down Mr
Smith check it out check get
out can you are you a
problem iPhone
iPhone this one's going in the Scrapbook
you [__] buffoon
I should break this
one as well
I think we just got to kill this guy
stepen
damn I could have a leg in one hand and
a BRB in the
other Philip Banks you you should kick
my
butts I think of having a heart attack
who cares what you think you are not my
mother what am I
doing help the
Pence the the Pence is giving me Amnesia
what was they doing in
here what did I come in here for
help
oh
shears Mr Banks your opening statement
statement Henry F could you please sit
down hey you don't talk to my wife like
that
dad ponies is coming
on I might be a fake fan CU I think
uh that was incorrect
that's fine dad
now could you make me a sandwich I did
it what can you say about Philip Banks
what the heck can you say about Philip
Banks
I want to kill no one because of this
there's one two three four but I'm
making the path one two three what's
wrong with
you why can't you be
interesting first first short story and
my first short story in the same
room I like hearing the villagers just
like stomping around
I could do that and it would be very
wise of me to do that but also the
maniz you're probably right to though
I'll just redo
this I mean that can stay
back again
Squidward how many legs does it take to
get to the center of titsy pump G Luigi
the world might never Hurricane Katrina
I need help can someone stop
me what the
[Music]
why do I hate this
it's going to start yelling at me and be
like oh it's breaking
the phrase want to hear the most
annoying sound in the world is like way
more for boing than it has any right to
be he's like why are you asking me why
why are you like preparing me for it why
not just do it the fact that you have to
ask me permission first implies some
sort of like really intense aura that
belongs to the sound
all right let's try
it wait
what why are they backed up
[Laughter]
oh
wow guys are you seeing this are you
seeing the joy of this
wow okay
nice
you are starving you reminded me I
haven't eaten dinner
tonight I have left over food from
earlier thank you I'm glad you like my
house I actually have not even furnished
the house who's part of it I spent so
much time doing everything
else but I haven't why are you all up
here oh you are so pathetic and broken
this is for you
yeah you can heal them you just uh right
click with
a iron
I've caused a bit of a problem with
these trees haven't
I did you guys hear new uh new mod arst
dropping I gu to about the new Mount
start coming up
no one can make the [__] uh moar real
quiet since this dropped now cuz he
drops I'm I'm better than him so true no
K keep take that confidence with you
through life you are better than
Mozart whereit okay I keep running up
here cuz I'm like anxious about this
organization but I finished the path
right kind of
I don't think it can chart cuz it's like
uh going to be labeled a composition
right it's not going to be properly
labeled or
release do start DR before you doing
some so
true guys I don't mean to to break it to
but new mod start Dro before promise
complex sorry
new Mode start dropped before uh Violet
Pony lby Fair princess remix
remake oh that's what I was doing I was
getting rid of these [__]
leaves now I'm going to run all the way
back actually I can just hop in my bee
farm there's some some shares in there
but will it release be guys enough of
these
games away from the
doorway oh that was upsetting
I'm not going to apologize to the P
because it's acab every day
h
can I do
it sing it sing
it
yes speak your truth
yeah you
really never
mind yeah you really got me hooked on
that
song
21 bro
where is ly that
fire oh
[__] someone's a grumpy K today someone
woke woke up on their someone's woke
woke
McDonald's they put gender in my French
fries how do I live with
myself reminds me of a a quote from the
the late Elon Musk which was I can't
handle it I can't handle it I can't live
with myself mainly because of
gender in his
words he's like make it stop make it
stop the basic necessities of human
expression it's all too much for me
[Applause]
oh she's so gentle in the in the
breeze she's so peaceful and like
dramatic and like kind of
so gentle and nice and
wonderful she is smiling so wide so
pleasant and free
[Applause]
this is Pico's path so I can't disturb
it but I wish he didn't do
this wait
do you guys want to see my uh my theion
villagers I showed this last stream but
there's more of them
now look at
them they're
chickens it's like kind of
nice there are two more of them than
last time I checked
actually so that's
good do they lay clearly
like they're having like a pleasant
nature walk
together lesbian Iron
Golems one of them goes uh HW and the
other one goes go Golem Golem my
precious oh my God there's twice of them
even just sitting there for now until
they disappear at some point which will
be
soon let's wait let's watch you ready
let's go
sorry that was really
surprising just like
why the [__] are you looking at me for
all oh my go oh my
god
really in front of my disappearing
leaves in front of my iPhone
why did you have in conc created borne
in front of me this evening why when how
long did it why get
down are you all ready to become no more
jobs for you cuz they're these barrels
are
leaving like that's your problem
I just love my Minecraft iPod touch my
beautiful iPod Touch in
Minecraft um that was like maybe one of
the most important sentences I've ever
heard in my
life um
I just love my
m craft iPod Touch
my beautiful
ibod touch in
Minecraft thank you gigles so sweetly
I'm going to throw up what are you
saying to me
oh your spells right
so look we actually finished a our
project of creating the dirt
path I managed to balance uh Minecraft
ends
and
uh stream chat
everything is so
nice the world is full of bits and
Bobs I love uh string cheese and tacon
nymph
strange objects from your body
just in front of me for me to take
whenever I feel like it fortunately
don't feel like it don't feel like
it what if oh my golly gravy and the
things that bind us what the
hell I'm on the verge of eating the
floor again I support that so much you
have no idea wait what was those those
were bricks right oh there's Nether
Bricks
okay did I just have like netherite
ingots in my
box nice so we finished a nice little
dirt path project and
uh hell on Earth awaits those who wait
patiently I need to oh I got to do this
at some point cuz this is a mess this is
disgusting you guys [__] suck at
Urban planting and I'm better at it than
you and this to and this to and
everything and God damn
it
well sorry I just skinned my Minecraft
alive a little bit
I forgot my oh there we go
let me select
it nice there's a beautiful place and uh
there's a beautiful place why don't I go
take wait what is oh that's just
unexplored why don't we go look at uh
over here let's go find out what a what
awaits us
Let's uh let's go and set sail on the SS
scuber dubert
this map looks like a nice spot for a
dollar
Janet can I just say I found out
recently that uh there are no chilies in
the Portland
metro there was apparently one some time
ago and like the western side of the
metro and Clos down
so
we're wanting to go just
Southwest it would see
guess I'll sleep first
now back to
business we're on a nice gentle River
Run and uh things are so pleasant
so on this journey let's have a
discussion and that discussion comprises
of the fact that
um you now love peanut butter you and I
do mean
you isn't that great
do you know what grows underneath this
water
peanut
butter peanut butter grows beneath this
water peanut butter was first discovered
by Daniel
peanut in the year
1302 Daniel peanut went out for his his
evening swim
when he saw something most
peculiar he said
dagnabit this word has not been
invented but
now it's
invented peanut
butter he said it's
like the sweet sweet nectar of some
strange plant that grows underw
water all year
round the sweet sweet nectar of that
weird
thing that rancid stupid thing that
grows under the
groundwater so succulent so sweet so on
fire he said to himself he said so on
fire help me that's why I love to make a
sandwich with that because it's
hot it's just so [__] hot he said he
said and I quote help me it's peanut
butter I just invented it and it's
causing my
death unquote
Daniel Pina is the first person on
Earth and that's why peanut butter
became a big IND
and uh there is a museum called the
peanut
gallery there's also a uh the peanut
factory where they build
them the peanut family assembles the
peanuts with great precision
every day that you are able to know
about
them this one's for Daniel
peanut it's actually not who the [__]
[__] off Daniel peanut you don't control
me I'm more interesting
I'm the person who knows more about hand
towels than
you I am the person who has invested
more in plastic
silverware I know so much more about
then peanut
Dave which is um I really think uh will
matter in the long
run oh wait I can't eat coal
let's remember that for next
time
place where are
we I think the crazy thing is is that
David P butter doesn't even know it
about the The Great Library Rush
doesn't even know to settle Mountain
early for Mau Picchu [__] idiot
guys have you ever seen french fries cuz
they're right
here nice
bonjour someone's got the right
idea you guys remember scrap from Toy
Story
no parents for
you this is because it's funny to do
that the two plagues were as follows the
first plague is God made everyone's
fingers a little
longer and then the second plague was
that every firstborn
boy was replaced with a
skeleton on the night of
passover can I
drown it is said that the
uh that the angel of death looked like
Wizard's era Michael Jordan in a sleepy
time night cap
now you
know all about
Minecraft wow
what say you
Minecraft yes it is
me Daniel
peanut it is I who invented the deadly
plant
little do they all know the peanut will
rise
again give it to me Sam the old
spark okay nice
so
um thanks for coming to my Minecraft you
my Bluetooth
page and
uh I have to eat food at
4M so with
that thanks for coming to my um
Bluetooth
page thanks for collecting coins
and
uh El Ela
Elsa I'll peanut
butter
um wait this is the wrong one there we
go that's
better so I was able to do a better job
at
uh managing looking at chat and playing
Minecraft at the same
time so I think this means we can do the
uh we can do the server from
scratch a new a different server I we'll
keep the same one but we'll do a new
server from scratch and I'll invite some
people and we'll have a grand old time
and we'll do that for for our
streams nice
so everyone thanks for coming to my
Bluetooth page and uh remember to turn
into a
pterodactyl wait I don't remember what
the volume I don't remember the volume
of my microphone is
anymore
okay I think that's fine
my favorite dinosaur is a